♪ Night ♪
♪ And the spirit of life ♪
♪ Calling ♪
♪ "Mamela" ♪
♪ Wait ♪
♪ There's no mountain too great ♪
♪ Hear the words and have faith ♪
♪ Have faith ♪
♪ He lives in you ♪
♪ He lives in me ♪
♪ He watches over ♪
♪ Everything we see ♪
♪ Into the water ♪
♪ Into the truth ♪
♪ In your reflection ♪
♪ He lives in you ♪
♪ He lives in me ♪
♪ He watches over ♪
♪ Everything we see ♪
♪ Into the water ♪
♪ Into the truth ♪
♪ In your reflection ♪
♪ He lives in you ♪
♪ As you go through life you'll see ♪
♪ There is so much that we ♪
♪ Don't understand ♪
♪ And the only thing we know ♪
♪ Is things don't always go ♪
♪ The way we planned ♪
♪ But you'll see every day ♪
♪ That we'll never turn away ♪
♪ When it seems all your dreams ♪
♪ come undone ♪
♪ We will stand by your side ♪
♪ Filled with hope and filled with pride ♪
♪ We are more than we are ♪
♪ We are one ♪
♪ If there's so much I must be ♪
♪ Can I still just be me ♪
♪ The way I am? ♪
♪ Can I trust in my own heart? ♪
♪ Or am I just one part ♪
♪ Of some big plan? ♪
♪ Even those who are gone ♪
♪ Are with us as we go on ♪
♪ Your journey has only begun ♪
♪ Tears of pain, tears of joy ♪
♪ One thing nothing can destroy ♪
♪ Is our pride, deep inside ♪
♪ We are one ♪
♪ We are one, you and I ♪
♪ We are like the earth and sky ♪
♪ One family under the sun ♪
♪ All the wisdom to lead ♪
♪ All the courage that you need ♪
♪ You will find when you see ♪
♪ We are one ♪
♪ Sleep, my little Kovu ♪
♪ Let your dreams take wing ♪
♪ One day when you're big and strong ♪
♪ You will be a king ♪
♪ I've been exiled, persecuted ♪
♪ Left alone with no defence ♪
♪ When I think of what that brute did ♪
♪ I get a little tense ♪
♪ But I dream a dream so pretty ♪
♪ That I don't feel so depressed ♪
♪ 'Cause it soothes my inner kitty ♪
♪ And it helps me get some rest ♪
♪ The sound of Simba's dying gasp ♪
♪ His daughter squealing in my grasp ♪
♪ His lioness' mournful cry ♪
♪ That's my lullaby ♪
♪ Now the past I've tried forgetting ♪
♪ And my foes I could forgive ♪
♪ Trouble is I know it's petty ♪
♪ But I hate to let them live ♪
♪ So you found yourself somebody ♪
♪ Who'll chase Simba up a tree ♪
♪ Oh, the battle may be bloody ♪
♪ But that kind of works for me ♪
♪ The melody of angry growls ♪
♪ A counterpoint of painful howls ♪
♪ A symphony of death. Oh, my... ♪
♪ That's my lullaby ♪
♪ Scar is gone, but Zira's still around ♪
♪ To love this little lad ♪
♪ Till he learns to be a killer ♪
♪ With a lust for being bad ♪
♪ I mean, precious little thing ♪
♪ One day when you're big and strong ♪
♪ You will be a king ♪
♪ The pounding of the drums of war ♪
♪ The thrill of Kovu's mighty roar ♪
♪ -The joy of vengeance ♪
♪ -Testify ♪
♪ I can hear the cheering ♪
♪ Kovu, what a guy ♪
♪ Payback time is nearing ♪
♪ And then our flag will fly ♪
♪ Against a blood-red sky ♪
♪ That's my lullaby ♪
♪ There's a place where the crazy moon ♪
♪ Makes the monkeys sing ♪
♪ and the baboons swoon ♪
♪ And the sultry scent of the lotus bloom ♪
♪ Will carry you away ♪
♪ While the hippos swing ♪
♪ from the jungle vines ♪
♪ And the rhino rumba in a conga line ♪
♪ All the pink flamingos are intertwined ♪
♪ As the stars come out to play ♪
♪ In Upendi ♪
♪ Where the passion fruit grows sweet ♪
♪ And it's so divine ♪
♪ that you lose your mind ♪
♪ As it sweeps you off your feet ♪
♪ In Upendi ♪
♪ Without a worry or a care ♪
♪ It just takes two to make it true ♪
♪ Your heart will lead you there ♪
♪ You better watch your step ♪
♪ 'cause the path is steep ♪
♪ Better hold your breath ♪
♪ 'cause the water's deep ♪
♪ It's a long way down over lover's leap ♪
♪ But falling's half the fun ♪
♪ In Upendi ♪
♪ Where the passion fruit grows sweet ♪
♪ And it's so divine ♪
♪ that you lose your mind ♪
♪ As it sweeps you off your feet ♪
♪ In Upendi ♪
♪ Without a worry or a care ♪
♪ It just takes two to make it true ♪
♪ Your heart will take you there ♪
♪ You can beat the bush ♪
♪ like there's no tomorrow ♪
♪ From Tanganyika to Kilimanjaro ♪
♪ But you'll find Upendi wherever you are ♪
♪ Underneath the sun ♪
♪ Upendi means love, doesn't it? ♪
♪ In Upendi ♪
♪ Where the passion fruit grows sweet ♪
♪ And it's so divine ♪
♪ that you lose your mind ♪
♪ As it sweeps you off your feet ♪
♪ In Upendi ♪
♪ Without a worry or a care ♪
♪ It just takes two to make it true ♪
♪ Your heart ♪
♪ Will take you there ♪
♪ Upendi ♪
♪ Down in Upendi ♪
♪ Way down in Upendi ♪
♪ In Upendi ♪
♪ Deception ♪
♪ Disgrace ♪
♪ Evil as plain as the scar on his face ♪
♪ -Deception ♪
♪ -An outrage ♪
♪ -Disgrace ♪
♪ -For shame ♪
♪ He asked for trouble ♪
♪ the moment he came ♪
♪ -Deception ♪
♪ -An outrage ♪
♪ -Disgrace ♪
♪ -For shame ♪
♪ -Evil as plain as the scar on his face ♪
♪ -See you later, agitator ♪
♪ -Just leave us alone ♪
♪ -An outrage ♪
♪ -Disgrace ♪
♪ -Traitor, go back with your own ♪
♪ He asked for trouble ♪
♪ the moment he came ♪
♪ See you later, agitator ♪
♪ Born in grief ♪
♪ Raised in hate ♪
♪ Helpless to defy his fate ♪
♪ Let him run ♪
♪ Let him live ♪
♪ But do not forget what we never forgive ♪
♪ And he is not one of us ♪
♪ He has never been one of us ♪
♪ He is not one of us ♪
♪ Not our kind ♪
♪ Someone once lied to us ♪
♪ Now we're not so blind ♪
♪ For we knew he would do ♪
♪ what he's done ♪
♪ And we know that he'll never be ♪
♪ One of us ♪
♪ He is not one of us ♪
♪ Deception ♪
♪ Disgrace ♪
♪ In a perfect world ♪
♪ One we've never known ♪
♪ We would never need ♪
♪ To face the world alone ♪
♪ They can have the world ♪
♪ We'll create our own ♪
♪ I may not be brave or strong or smart ♪
♪ But somewhere in my secret heart ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ Love will find a way ♪
♪ Anywhere I go ♪
♪ I'm home ♪
♪ If you are there beside me ♪
♪ Like dark turning into day ♪
♪ Somehow we'll come through ♪
♪ Now that I've found you ♪
♪ Love will find a way ♪
♪ I was so afraid ♪
♪ Now I realise ♪
♪ Love is never wrong ♪
♪ And so it never dies ♪
♪ There's a perfect world ♪
♪ Shining in your eyes ♪
♪ And if only they could feel it, too ♪
♪ The happiness I feel with you ♪
♪ They'd know ♪
♪ Love will find a way ♪
♪ Anywhere we go ♪
♪ We're home ♪
♪ if we are there together ♪
♪ Like dark turning into day ♪
♪ Somehow we'll come through ♪
♪ Now that I've found you ♪
♪ Love will find a way ♪
♪ I know ♪